Update a link in Lightning data sources (#18933) (#18936)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-data-source.md

```toml
[mydumper]

> # Local source data directory or the URI of the external storage such as S3. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.2/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Local source data directory or the URI of the external storage such as S3. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format.
```
